question: What is the size of bovine coronavirus?
answer: 31 kb

question: What is the molecular structure of bovine coronavirus?
answer: single-stranded, linear, and nonsegmented RNA

question: How many nucleotides does bovine coronavirus contain?
answer: 30,847 nucleotides

question: What is the size of the orf1ab gene in bovine coronavirus?
answer: 20kb

question: Is the orf1ab gene at the 3' or 5' end of the bovine coronavirus genome?
answer: 5= side

question: What is the distance between the p4.7 and p12.7 genes in the Irish versus Japanese equine coronavirus variants?
answer: 544 base pairs

question: What is the difference between the Tokachi09 and Irish coronavirus genomic sequences?
answer: 148-nucleotide insertion

question: What suggests that Irish equine coronaviruses may have a low genetic diversity?
answer: high level of homology between viruses

question: Where have most outbreaks of equine coronavirus occurred in the United States?
answer: adult riding, racing and show horses

question: What type of coronavirus was detected in R. affinis and R. sinicus species?
answer: BtCoV/Rh/YN2012

question: What is a natural reservoir of coronavirus?
answer: Bats

question: What is the genome size of the coronavirus?
answer: 26-32 kb

question: What is the structure of the coronavirus?
answer: enveloped, non-segmented, positive-strand RNA viruses

question: What animals do gamma and delta coronavirus mainly infect?
answer: birds

question: How many types of coronaviruses are known to cause human disease?
answer: Six

question: What is the conclusion of the coronavirus long-term surveillance studies?
answer: Rhinolophus bats seem to harbor a wide diversity of CoVs

question: Where was the coronavirus discovered?
answer: Wuhan, China

question: What are the large family of viruses, called coronaviruses?
answer:  pathogens for human beings, which infect respiratory, hepatic, gastrointestinal, and neurologic diseases.

question: Among whom are the coronaviruses distributed?
answer:  among humans, birds, livestock, mice, bats, and other wild animals 

question: When did we discover that SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19, was a novel coronavirus?
answer: 26 January 2020

question: What other betacoronaviruses are zoonotic in origin?
answer: The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV)

question: What is the genus of the SARS coronavirus?
answer: Betacoronavirus

question: What is the family of the SARS coronavirus?
answer: Coronaviridae

question: Is the SARS coronavirus enveloped?
answer: enveloped

question: Is the SARS coronavirus single-stranded or double-stranded?
answer: single-stranded

question: How many laboratory-confirmed cases of SARS coronavirus infections were reported between November 2002 and July 2003?
answer: At least 8,098

question: What was the fatality rate of the SARS coronavirus outbreak between November 2002 and July 2003?
answer: 9.6%

question: What viruses are similar to the COVID-19 coronavirus?
answer: MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV.

question:  Compared to severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)  and another sometimes- fatal zoonotic coronavirus disease, how does MERS affect the patients?
answer: MERS progresses more rapidly to respiratory failure and acute kidney injury (it also has an affinity for growth in kidney cells under laboratory conditions), is more frequently reported in patients with underlying disease and is more often fatal.

question: What is the structure of a coronavirus?
answer: large, non-segmented, positive sense and single stranded RNA animal viruses

question: What are coronaviruses?
answer: s are spherical, enveloped, and the largest of positive-strand RNA v

question: What animals can carry coronavirus?
answer: uding birds, farm animals, pets, camels, an

question: What is a key assumption of a semi-mechanistic Bayesian hierarchical model used for coronavirus?
answer: each intervention has the same effect on the
reproduction number across countries and over time

question: Why is there high uncertainty in estimating the impact of interventions against the coronavirus?
answer: too early to detect substantial
intervention impact in many countries at earlier stages of their epidemic

question: Why is it statistically impossible to determine which individual intervention had the greatest effect on reducing the coronavirus reproduction number?
answer: close spacing of interventions in time

question: What is an example of a case-based measure against coronavirus?
answer: strong recommendations or laws to the general
public and primary care about self—isolation when showing COVID-19-like symptoms

question: What are the descriptive statistics for the onset-to-death for coronavirus?
answer: Gamma distributed with a mean of 18.8 days and a
coefficient of va riation 0.45

question: What are the descriptive statistics for the incubation period for coronavirus?
answer: distribution is Gamma distributed with mean 5.1 days and coefficient of variation
0.86

question: What is the estimated infection-to-death distribution's mean for coronavirus?
answer: 23.9 days

question: What is the estimated number of people in Italy infected with coronavirus by March 28th?
answer: cumulatively, 5.9 [1.9-15.2] million people have been
infected as of March 28th

question: When did the Chinese authorities share the sequence of a novel coronavirus ?
answer: 12 January 2020

question:  What is important for understanding the origin and evolution of this novel lineage B betacoronavirus.
answer: Learning from the roles of civet in SARS and camel in MERS, hunting for the animal source of 2019-nCoV and its more ancestral virus

question: Being closest to 2019-nCoV, which species do the two bat SARS-related coronavirus ZXC21 and ZC45 infect?
answer: can infect suckling rats and cause inflammation in the brain tissue, and pathological changes in lung & intestine. 

